ESQL: Enable Lookup Join on Expression Tech Preview (#134952)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/esql/esql-lookup-join.md

The command requires two parameters:
* The name of the lookup index (which must have the `lookup` [`index.mode setting`](/reference/elasticsearch/index-settings/index-modules.md#index-mode-setting))

> * The join on clause. Can be either
>     * A single field name
>     * A comma-separated list of field names {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2`
>     * An expression with one or more join conditions linked by AND. Each condition compares a field from the left index with a field from the right index using binary operators (==, >=, <=, >, <, !=). Fields in the join conditions must be unique and come from exactly one of the indexes involved. {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2` {applies_to}`serverless: preview`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The join condition. Can be one of the following:
    * A single field name
    * A comma-separated list of field names {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2`
    * An expression with one or more join conditions linked by `AND`. Each condition compares a field from the left index with a field from the right index using [binary operators](/reference/query-languages/esql/functions-operators/operators.md#esql-binary-operators) (`==`, `>=`, `<=`, `>`, `<`, `!=`). Each field name in the join condition must exist in only one of the indexes. Use RENAME to resolve naming conflicts. {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2` {applies_to}`serverless: preview`
```

Reviewer: some formatting and tried to clarify the "must be unique..." phrasing to make it clear you can't have same field name in both indexes and suggest RENAME 

please reword if this doesn't capture the original intent :)

> 	    * An expression with one or more join conditions linked by `AND`. Each condition compares a field from the left index with a field from the right index using [binary operators](/reference/query-languages/esql/functions-operators/operators.md#esql-binary-operators) (`==`, `>=`, `<=`, `>`, `<`, `!=`). Each field name in the join condition must exist in only one of the indexes. Use RENAME to resolve naming conflicts. {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2` {applies_to}`serverless: preview`

Reviewer: my fault from original suggestion 🙈

> 	    * An expression with one or more join conditions linked by `AND`. Each condition compares a field from the left index with a field from the right index using [binary operators](/reference/query-languages/esql/functions-operators/operators.md#esql-binary-operators) (`==`, `>=`, `<=`, `>`, `<`, `!=`). Each field name in the join condition must exist in only one of the indexes. Use RENAME to resolve naming conflicts. {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.2` {applies_to}`serverless: preview`

Author: Done
